# Club-Management-System
  Club management system for Mepco Schlenk Engineering College.
# Abstract
  The club management system is a project which is developed to provide and manage various extra-curricular and co-curricular activities such  as singing , games ,technical events, entertainment and so on . This application provides services online and maintains the details of the club members to provide fast and efficient way to get information regarding the club events and other notifications. Each club has a faculty incharge and an office bearer to moniter the club events . The office bearer has the privilege to add the events of the particular club  and the admin of that particular club has the privilege to add   office bearer of interest. Any number of members can be added to the club and each member of the club is provided with a username and password for viewing the club events. The user details are stored in the local database for further reference .Whenever the user logins in to the club using his/her credentials , they can view the list of all events that are being posted by the office bearer. The system distinguishes the current and upcoming events and displays it separately. The ongoing events are highlighted and displayed at the top followed by which the upcoming events gets displayed sequentially.

  The project is a web application that was developed using jsp and the event notifications are updated using ajax  technology.The front end was purely developed using html incorporating  bootstrap.The backend data storage is monitered by using MySQL database .The password and other sensitive informations are encrypted before storing it in the database and thereby ensuring data security and protecting the user’s privacy.
# Technologies and framework used
  Java Server Pages | mySQL | HTML 5 & CSS 3 | Bootstrap
  
